docs(legal): onboarding support services (#6665)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/legal/support-services.md

ZITADEL will enhance its support offering by providing eligible clients with a Technical Account Manager (TAM), who will perform the following tasks for up to the specified amount of time per week during the term of service:

- Provide support and advice regarding best practices on platform, product and configuration covered by the applicable Support Services;

> - Participate in review calls every other week at mutually agreed times addressing customer’s operational issues or difficult support requests;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Participate in review calls every other week at mutually agreed times addressing customer’s operational challenges or complex support requests;
```
